Added a reference for setting up environment labels. (#62617)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/go-settings-for-environment-labels-and-annotations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /gitops/health-information-for-resources-deployment.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE

> [id='go-settings-for-environment-labels-and-annotations_{context}']             

Reviewer: To be on the safe side, I think we should put these IDs in quotes: 

```suggestion
[id="go-settings-for-environment-labels-and-annotations_{context}"]             
```

= Settings for environment labels and annotations

> This section provides reference settings for environment labels and annotations, required to display an environment application in the *Environments* page in the *Developer*'s perspective of the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section provides reference settings for environment labels and annotations required to display an environment application in the *Environments* page, in the *Developer* perspective of the {product-title} web console.
```

[discrete]
== Environment labels

> The environment application manifest must contain `labels.openshift.gitops/environment` and `destination.namespace` fields. You must set identical values for both the environment name and the namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The environment application manifest must contain `labels.openshift.gitops/environment` and `destination.namespace` fields. You must set identical values for the `<environment-name>` variable and the name of the environment application manifest.
```

> The environment application manifest must contain `labels.openshift.gitops/environment` and `destination.namespace` fields. You must set identical values for the `<environment-name>` variable and the name of the environment application manifest.

Reviewer: Content in brackets should use underscores, as per https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-replaced-values

```suggestion
The environment application manifest must contain `labels.openshift.gitops/environment` and `destination.namespace` fields. You must set identical values for the `<environment_name>` variable and the name of the environment application manifest.
```

.Specification of the environment application manifest
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  labels:

>     openshift.gitops/environment: <environment-name>

Reviewer: Same here

```suggestion
    openshift.gitops/environment: <environment_name>
```

  destination:

>     namespace: <environment-name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    namespace: <environment_name>
```

...
----  

.Example of an environment application manifest
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:

>   name: dev-env <1>

Reviewer: Would these also not be in brackets? 

```suggestion
  name: <dev_env> <1>
```

Maybe it should just be dev-env. I'm not sure based on the description below. If it is the same as <environment_name>, why not just use the value "<environment_name>" ?

Author: This should stay as dev-env , since this is an example assuming that the user named the environment "dev-env".

Reviewer 2: @masauso-lungu Yes. retain as is.

  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  labels:

>     openshift.gitops/environment: dev-env

Reviewer: Same question here.

  destination:

>     namespace: dev-env

Reviewer: Same question here

...
----

> <1> The name of the environment application manifest. The value set is the same as the value of the `<environment-name>` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The name of the environment application manifest. The value set is the same as the value of the `<environment_name>` variable.
```

[discrete]
== Environment annotations

> The environment namespace manifest must contain the `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-uri` and `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-ref` fields to specify the version controller code source of the application. You must set the namespace name identical to the environment name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The environment namespace manifest must contain the `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-uri` and `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-ref` fields to specify the version controller code source of the application. You must set identical values for the `<environment-name>` variable and the name of the environment namespace manifest.
```

> The environment namespace manifest must contain the `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-uri` and `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-ref` fields to specify the version controller code source of the application. You must set identical values for the `<environment-name>` variable and the name of the environment namespace manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment namespace manifest must contain the `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-uri` and `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-ref` fields to specify the version controller code source of the application. You must set identical values for the `<environment_name>` variable and the name of the environment namespace manifest.
```

.Specification of the environment namespace manifest
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  annotations:

>     app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: <application-source-url>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: <application_source_url>
```

>     app.openshift.io/vcs-ref: <branch-reference>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app.openshift.io/vcs-ref: <branch_reference>
```

>   name: <environment-name> <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: <environment_name> <1>
```

...
----

> <1> The name of the environment namespace manifest. The value set is the same as the value of the `<environment-name>` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The name of the environment namespace manifest. The value set is the same as the value of the `<environment_name>` variable.
```

.Example of an environment namespace manifest
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  annotations:

>     app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: https://example.com/your-domain/your-gitops.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: https://example.com/<your_domain>/<your_gitops.git>
```
